so tell me friend have you heard the
good news now I know I'm just
with you Jesus doesn't give a
fox searchlight pictures invites you to
meet a man she needs to leave who wants
the world to accept it my wife left me
17 years ago I just need to move on find
somebody new don't you necessarily in
the worst possible way
working man a 40 years from now you're
gonna be on your deathbed saying where
did it all go there's a lot of seats you
know in this train issues who looks like
your ex-wife put this girl up for
adoption 17 years ago that's life okay
do not tell me that we had a daughter
excuse me do you think I could get this
with the aioli on the side as I
requested yeah I think you should know
we have tickets to wicked hey
shut the up can't you see that this
woman is having a profound moment you
tell me that you don't want to see your
daughter we want to do stalk her
in clairtenney Craig's over here if
you're wondering about the lack of
family resemblance used to be a real hip
[Music]
guys are so my ex she's a good one I
just have to hug her embrace from
eternal nature sorry I can't help you
with that in that case I guess I'll take
a blow job then I am I should have
brought my wallet that is quite a tattoo
how's that it's like the ultimate
argument in der like no I don't want
your job I want to destroy your
entire society
[Music]